**Versium File Hasher**

The purpose of the Versium File Hasher is twofold. Firstly, the file
hasher allows you to hash all the data within your file in MD5 format.
This is useful for sensitive data that cannot be transmitted or
otherwise shared in plain text. Secondly, the file hasher adds Versium
SimpleTags to your file. SimpleTags allow Versium to (\*\*\*I'm not
exactly sure how we use simpletags or what we do with them but insert
that here\*\*\*). Lastly, the Versium File Hasher doesn't send your data
anywhere -- it does all of the hashing on your device, ensuring your
data stays safely in your possession at all times.

Using the Versium File Hasher is simple. Start by downloading the file
and opening it with your web browser. 

Click to select a file to hash. As the page indicates, your file
must have headers to be used with the Versium File Hasher.

After selecting a file and clicking the "Next" button.

Chose whether you want to customize your hashing options
or let us take care of the technical stuff. After making a choice and
clicking the "Next" button, our file hasher will try to figure out
whether your file is a CSV or a TSV.

Then, you can select if your file is a CSV (comma delimited) or a TSV
(tab delimited). If you previously chose to use the default hashing
options, you're done! Your file will be hashed and automatically be
downloaded. If you chose to customize your hashing options, upon
clicking the "Next" button.

You will be prompted to choose which columns correspond to first
names, last names, addresses and zips. These selections allow the
Versium File Hasher to add Versium SimpleTags to your file. Again, while
the Versium File Hasher will try to guess which columns correspond to
which field types, it's important to verify the correct option is
selected for each one before continuing.

After making your selection and clicking the "Next" button.

The next screen presents you with options regarding the output file. The
first option allows you to standardize capitalization throughout your
file before hashing. This can be very useful if your hashed data is to
be matched with other hashed data -- a difference in capitalization
produces a different hash, making matching impossible. The second option
allows you to remove any extra or unnecessary whitespace characters that
may appear around fields in your file. This functionality is useful for
the same reason. There are also several advanced options that can be
revealed by clicking on the "Show advanced options" button.

The first option allows you to prepend a string to each of your fields
before hashing them. This is useful (and more secure) in many cases.

The remaining settings relate to the format of the Versium SimpleTags
appended to your file. It's best not to tamper with these settings
unless instructed to do so by Versium.

Finally, click the finish button.

Most files hash within 15 seconds, although larger files may take
longer. When the Versium File Hasher is done working, your file will
download (note that this may take a few seconds for large files).

The name of your output file will be identical to the input file with
"\_versium" appended to the end. If there are any errors we couldn't
correct in your file, you'll be notified as shown above.

Thank you!
